
This is the current Anmap WISHLIST / BUGLIST
--------------------------------------------

The following list lists the requested facilities, known bugs etc. in
Anmap.  It is divided into three, short medium sized and major jobs/
future plans.  There are no guarantees that things on this list will
ever get done! I have deliberately not put any dates on things.  The
file CHANGES will list the CHANGES when they are applied to Anmap.  You
should also consult Anmap news when changes are implemented for the
manner in which they have been done/new commands etc.

Bugs
----
o  stretch-map is broken; map not stretched (21/7/94).
o  contouring in map-display does not support null values.  This
   is a bug and not a feature in my opinion (26/10/94).
o  there seems to a problem regarding which directory read-data-file
   assumes it is reading from at least when accessing FITS maps (26/10/94).


Required and unusual features
-----------------------------

o  A pack-catalogue command.
o  A command for continuous reading of the cursor is needed.
o  More control over RA/DEC pip labelling in map-display is needed
   including controlling the number of decimal places displayed and
   an improved format for the labels.  The size of ticks should be
   controllable.
o  Map-display should support automatic filter options for the data
   so that it is easy to do logarithmic grey scales etc.
o  The lookup table support should be extended to include new types:
   HSB, CMY, more default types, system wide library of attractive
   lookup tables.
o  More options for plotting individual crosses.
o  Better support for crosses file.
o  Isometric plots should understand our map conventions better.
o  Ability to display images which are currently being edited in
   edit-image.
o  In edit-redtape read-redtape should set the default map.
o  An X-interface to importing data is needed.  It should also support
   the "unpublicised" tools to read tiff gif images etc.  This will 
   probably wait until the ppm library is properly installed.
o  Additional options in edit-redtape: copy-astrometric-redtape
o  Much better support for handling redtapes in edit-redtape and in
   edit-image so complete applications can be built from these tools.
   This is probably best handled by a tcl-level interface.

Programmer Support
------------------

o  Better programmer interaction with the graphics sub-system.
o  Make a uniform API (application programmer interface) which does
   not required calls to MAPLIB; this will provide better upwards
   compatability when the internal Anmap image format changes to
   accomodate 3D and higher dimension data sets.
o  Proper tcl-based programming support for manipulating data in
   all Anmap suported formats.  This is a major upgrade plan and
   would allow much of Anmap to be completely implemented in Tcl!
o  A C, Tcl and F77 API.
o  A proper documented API for handling spectral files.

Medium Term Projects and Modifications
--------------------------------------

o  A trans-image sub-system similar to edit image as a tool for building
   procedures which do image transformations.
o  A spectrum-analysis sub-system to make it obvious how to use the
   spectral-analysis tools (of which there are now about 35!); build
   also a tcl-based spectral-analysis programmers tool with documented
   API.
o  Document spectral analysis stuff.

Long Term Projects and Modifications
------------------------------------
o  Re-write the underlying stack and map-handling code to allow multiple
   image formats to be handled without multiple translations.  Add at 
   least FITS and my proposed DDF.
o  Implement the Directory Data Format and add to Anmap.
   Add support for 5D data sets.
o  Implement proper visualization tools including links to rendering
   packages.  Use PEX/OpenGL as basic tool for home written rendering 
   and graphics tools.

Graphics Overhaul
-----------------
All graphics needs re-writing and being based on the new tcl PGPLOT
bindings.
o  Implement all graphics systems in tcl:
    -> data-display
    -> map-display
    -> drawing-system
    -> graphic
   All user input via an enhanced iocmd tcl command.
o  Remove support for scratch graphics and add all scratch functionality
   to proper tcl-based routines.
o  Provide a fully documented programmers API to pg plot and vogle
   graphics and the Anmap structured graphics system.
o  X interface to the new map-display, data-display, draw-display and
   graphic sub-systems.
o  Provide access to Xgnuplot and other stand-alone X graphics tools.
o  Better support for SAOimage --- perhaps use the input pipe facility.
o  Support a graphics server model using Agraph as a programmers API,
   (hackers may find it useful!).
o  Provide some interface for rendering surface models of images.
